                                FOR CHILDREN:

                                   Sly Fox

    Mr. Rabbit sat on his front porch rocking, eating a great big carrot, 
and looking.

    "Looks like Sly Fox coming down the road," he said to himself, walking 
to the end of the porch. Shading his eyes with his paws, he exclaimed, "It 
is Sly Fox." 

    "Good morning Mr. Rabbit," cried Sly Fox, as he walked across the yard. 
"Good morning," replied Mr. Rabbit, a slight frown on his face. 

    "Well," said Sly Fox, "as I haven't seen you in so long a time, thought 
I would stop and chat a while." 

    Mr. Rabbit could not be rude in his own home, even to an enemy, so he 
offered Sly Fox a seat on the porch. 

    "Take a chair," he said politely. 	But Sly Fox did not stay long, and as 
he was leaving, he asked: "Mr. Rabbit, my mother is having a good dinner 
tonight. Won't you, Mrs. Rabbit, and your three little rabs come to dinner 
with me?" 

    Oh, thought Mr. Rabbit, he knows about my little rabs and wants to take 
us off to eat us. He pretended to be disappointed as he replied: "Sorry, Sly 
Fox, we have an engagement for today, but if you want us we can come 
tomorrow." 

    At this Sly Fox chuckled inwardly, and readily agreed to come for them 
the next day. Wishing Mr. Rabbit "Good day", he trotted on down the road 
toward his home. 

    As soon as he was out of sight, Mr. Rabbit ran into his house and called 
Mrs. Rabbit. "Get all our things together," he said, "and put rubber boots 
on our little rabs. We have to move quickly to the Piney Woods across the 
brook. Old Sly Fox has found our home and will destroy us." 

    In no time at all the Rabbit family had moved, and the little rabs were 
delighted with their new home. A woodland of towering pines it was, the 
ground covered with pine needles which made a soft carpeting. The wind made 
music in the pine trees, birds sang, and the fragrance of flowers filled the 
air. They found a huge hollow tree where Mr. Rabbit burrowed deep and made 
them a cozy home. Squirrels had left nuts hidden around in the old tree. 
Owls hooted throughout the night, crickets chirped merrily. 

    Next morning old Sly Fox knocked on the door where he had left Mr. 
Rabbit. Mrs. Hedgehog answered the door. "Good morning, Mrs. Hedgehog. Is 
Mr. Rabbit in?" inquired Sly Fox with a wicked grin and a cunning look in 
his eyes. 

    "No," replied Mrs. Eedgehog, none too cordially. "The Rabbit family 
moved to parts unknown right after you left yesterday." 

    "Ah," exclaimed old Sly Fox, "Mr. Rabbit and family were going to have 
dinner with me. My mother has planned a real feast. Why don't you come and 
enjoy it with us?" 

    "Oh," replied Mrs. Hedgehog, smacking her lips and thinking of all the 
goodies, "I have just moved in and there is so much to do! Why not let it go 
until tomorrow?" 

    "Do you like nice young grasshoppers?" asked Sly Fox softly. 

    "Do I? Nothing so good as tender young grasshoppers," answered Mrs. 
Hedgehog, fairly dribbling at the mouth at the thought of such a dainty. 

    "Well," said Sly Fox, "we pass a field where there are any number of 
them. Come get in this sack, and when I stop in the field we will open the 
sack and rake in all of them we want. Mother will bake them with apples and 
they will be deilicious!" This was too much for greedy Mrs. Hedgehog to 
resist, so in the sack she went. Sly Fox with a grin grabbed the sack, threw 
it over his shoulder and trotted toward home. 	After going a long way, Mrs. 
Hedgehog became suspicious and cried, "How long before we reach that field 
of grasshoppers?" 

    "Why, you silly, greedy hedgehog, there is no field of grasshoppers for 
you. I am going to eat you for my dinner. It's you with apple dumplings that 
my mother will bake." 

    Every hair on Mrs. Hedgehog's head stood on end with fright. Oh, how 
foolish she had been! Her greed had trapped her. If only she had stayed home 
and straightened her house and cooked her own dinner, she would not have 
been in this sack to be eaten by Sly Fox. Greediness never pays, she thought 
to herself. 

    Sly Fox became tired, and as a slight rain had begun to fall, he looked 
for a dry place to sit down. Throwing the sack to the ground and chuckling 
at the thought of sitting on Mrs. Hedgehog, he dropped heavily upon the 
sack. 

    "Wow, Wow!" he cried, jumping quickly up, for Mrs. Hedgehog shot her 
sharp quills into him with all her might. 

    Sly Fox ran to and fro trying to pull out the quills, but they had gone 
too deep. Home he ran, screaming to his mother. Old Mother Fox threw him 
over a log and began pulling out the quills, at the same time calling to a 
neighbor fox to bring some honey to put on the places where the quills had 
been. 

    Mrs. Hedgehog crawled out of the bag and began walking slowly toward 
home. She thought to herself that never again would she be so greedy and 
allow herself to be fooled by Sly Fox or any one else. 

    Meanwhile, Mr. Rabbit and family were living happily in Piney Woods. The 
little rabs played on the crystal clear brook that ran through the woods, 
wading, sailing little leaf boats, and trying to catch the silvery minnows 
darting here and there. 

    Late one evening Papa and Mama Rabbit were sitting before the cozy fire 
talking. Papa Rabbit had on his house robe and bedroom slippers, reading the 
newspaper. Every now and then he looked over his spectacles lovingly at 
dainty little Mama Rabbit, dressed in a flowered housecoat and red slippers 
and knitting little socks for the little rabs. 

    "Sniff! Sniff! Sniff!" came suddenly to their ears. 

    "Sly Fox!" whispered Papa Rabbit, his face now full of concern and 
alarm. 

    "Yes," agreed Mama Rabbit, her voice trembling with fright. 

    "Go cover the little rabs with straw and tell them to be very, very 
quiet," instructed Papa Rabbit. 

    Mrs. Rabbit quickly covered the little rabs and cautioned them to be as 
quiet as mice. Since they were well behaved and obedient little rabs, they 
did just as their mother told them. 

    "I left my big stick beside the old oak tree," cried Papa Rabbit under 
his breath. "What shall we do?" 

    "Sniff! Sniff! Sniff!" went Sly Fox again, scratching up the earth by 
the old hollow tree as he began to dig furiously. The poor little Rabbit 
family sat still and frightened, their hearts thumping, their paws shaking, 
and their eyes bulging with panic. Suddenly in the distance they heard the 
"Toot! Toot!Toot!" of horns, and the "Woof! Woof! Woof!" of barking dogs. 

    Papa Rabbit whispered, "Fox hunters!" as his heart gave a bound of 
relief. 

    Nearer and nearer came the baying of the hounds and the music of the 
horns. Old Sly Fox was so busily digging that he failed to hear at first, 
but suddenly he stopped digging, and threw back his ears to listen. Then he 
quickly jumped away from the log where the Rabbit family lived and started 
running. 

    But the hounds were right after him, baying loudly with all their might. 
The horses' feet beat out an excited rhythm as the red-coated fox hunters 
urged them on in the chase. Up hill, over the meadows they ran. 

    Sly Fox was now running for his life, but the dogs were getting closer 
and closer. He jumped across the brook and spied a hole among some bushes. 
Into this he slid, and as the dogs went down the side of the stream of water 
before they jumped across they lost his scent. Sly Fox quickly ran out of 
the hole and took off in the opposite direction from the way the dogs were 
going. He had been so frightened and so near death that he resolved to 
himself never to bother the Rabbit family again. 

    Meanwhile, when Papa Rabbit had heard the hounds start the chase, he 
turned to Mama Rabbit and cried, "Safe at last! Call our little rabs for 
prayers of thanksgiving and praise to our Father which art in heaven." 

    After prayers, Mama Rabbit hustled about making mint tea for her and 
Papa Rabbit, and hot chocolate piled high with whipped cream for the little 
rabs. After that time they Lived happily among the great whispering pines, 
never bothered by old Sly Fox.
                                                          --Beulah Murrelle 


                  THE THREE LITTLE PIGS

   Once upon a time . . . there were three little pigs, who left their mummy
and daddy to see the world.
   All summer long, they roamed through the woods and over the plains,playing
games and having fun. None were happier than the three little pigs, and they
easily made friends with everyone. Wherever they went, they were given a warm 
welcome, but as summer drew to a close, they realized that folk were drifting
back to their usual jobs, and preparing for winter. Autumn came and it began
to rain. The three little pigs started to feel they needed a real home. Sadly
they knew that the fun was over now and they must set to work like the others,
or they'd be left in the cold and rain, with no roof over their heads. They
talked about what to do, but each decided for himself. The laziest little pig
said he'd build a straw hut.
   "It wlll only take a day,' he said. The others disagreed.
   "It's too fragile," they said disapprovingly, but he refused to listen. Not
quite so lazy, the second little pig went in search of planks of seasoned
wood.
   "Clunk! Clunk! Clunk!" It took him two days to nail them together. But the
third little pig did not like the wooden house.
   "That's not the way to build a house!" he said. "It takes time, patience 
and hard work to buiid a house that is strong enough to stand up to wind, 
rain, and snow, and most of all, protect us from the wolf!"
   The days went by, and the wisest little pig's house took shape, brick by
brick. From time to time, his brothers visited him, saying with a chuckle:
   "Why are you working so hard? Why don't you come and play?" But the
stubborn bricklayer pig just said "no".
   "I shall finish my house first. It must be solid and sturdy. And then I'll
come and play!" he said. "I shall not be foolish like you! For he who laughs
last, laughs longest!"
   It was the wisest little pig that found the tracks of a big wolf in the
neighbourhood.
   The little pigs rushed home in alarm. Along came the wolf, scowling 
fiercely at the laziest pig's straw hut.
   "Come out!" ordered the wolf, his mouth watering. I want to speak to you!"
   "I'd rather stay where I am!" replied the little pig in a tiny voice.
   "I'll make you come out!" growled the wolf angrily, and puffing out his
chest, he took a very deep breath. Then he blew wlth all his might, right onto
the house. And all the straw the silly pig had heaped against some thin poles,
fell down in the great blast. Excited by his own cleverness, the wolf did not
notice that the little pig had slithered out from underneath the heap of
straw, and was dashing towards his brother's wooden house. When he realized 
that the little pig was escaping, the wolf grew wild with rage.
   "Come back!" he roared, trying to catch the pig as he ran into the wooden 
house. The other little pig greeted his brother, shaking like a leaf.
   "I hope this house won't fall down! Let's lean against the door so he can't
break in!"
   Outside, the wolf could hear the little pigs' words. Starving as he was, at
the idea of a two-course meal, he rained blows on the door.
   "Open up! Open up! I only want to speak to you!"
   Inside, the two brothers wept in fear and did their best to hold the door
fast against the blows. Then the furious wolf braced himself a new effort: he
drew in a really enormous breath, and went ... WHOOOOO! The wooden house
collapsed like a pack of cards.
   Luckily, the wisest little pig had been watching the scene from the window
of his own brick house, and he rapidly opened the door to his fleeing 
brothers. And not a moment too soon, for the wolf was already hammering 
furiously on the door. This time, the wolf had grave doubts. This house had a
much more solid air than the others. He blew once, he blew again and then for
a third time. But all was in vain. For the house did not budge an lnch. The
three little pigs watched him and their fear began to fade. Quite exhausted by
his efforts, the wolf decided to try one of his tricks. He scrambled up a
nearby ladder, on to the roof to have a look at the chimney. However, the
wisest little pig had seen thls ploy, and he quickly said:
   "Quick! Light the fire!" With his long legs thrust down the chimney, the
wolf was not sure if he should slide down the black hole. It wouldn'tbe easy
to get in, but the sound of the little pigs' voices below only made him feel
hungrier.
   "I'm dying of hunger! I'm goin to try and get down." And he let himself 
drop. But landing was rather hot, too hot! The wolf landed in the fire, stunned
by his fall.
   The flames licked his hairy coat and his tail became a flaring torch.
   "Never again! Never again will I go down a chimneyl" he squealed, as he
tried to put out the flames in his tail. Then he ran away as fast as he could.
   The three happy little pigs, dancing round and round the yard, began to 
sing:
   "Tra-la-la! Tra-la-la! The wicked black wolf will never come back...!"
   From that terrible day on, the wisest little pig's brothers set to work
with a will. In less than no time, up went the two new brick houses. The wolf
did return once to roam in the neighbourhood, but when he caught sight of
three chimneys, he remembered the terrible pain of a burnt tail, and he left
for good.
   Now safe and happy, the wisest little pig called to his brothers:
   "No more work! Come on, let's go and play!"

